Global holiday awareness, think of managing, Global holidays. Like, planting a
trip with multiple stops. You need to check the local calendar for each stop
problem and solution. Holiday conflicts, the problem us holidays are not the
same. As Global holidays setting a deadline without checking can cause big
problems example. You set a deadline for a Us holiday, but your team in
India is working and your team in Israel is off the action. Always check
the specific holiday calendar for your team members region before setting
deadlines the solution. Your flexible toolkit offer. Flexible schedules. Let
people adjust their work times to observe, important personal or religious days
utilize, floating holidays. These are paid days off for observances, not on the
main company calendar. It's like having extra Wild Card days to use.
Scenario-based decision. A team member in India requests. Leave for a holiday,
not on the US calendar. What's your response? A deny the request because it's
not a company holiday B. Check the Indian holiday calendar and offer a flexible
schedule or suggest using a floating holiday. See, tell them. They should have
planned better hint option, b shows your adapting and supporting your team.